From Hansel minutes.com it's Hansel
minutes, a weekly discussion with
web developer and technologist Scott
Hanselman. This is Lawrence Ryan announcing
show number two 87. Recorded
live Thursday, September 29th, 2011. Support for
Hansel minutes is provided by
Telerik rad controls, the most
comprehensive suite of components for
windows forms and asp.net web
applications online@wwwdottelerik.com. In this episode
of the startup series, Scott
talks with Alex Pappa. Deimos
one of the founders of
UNIDO. Hi, this is Scott
Hanselman. This is another episode
of Hansel minutes or continuing
these startup series. Today. We've
got Alex Pepperdine, Wallace, who
is a founder at
creators of build master. And
he is also an editor
at a blog that you
very likely read. Dear reader,
the daily WTF. Thanks so
much, Alex, for chatting with
me today. Oh my pleasure,
Scott. Thanks for having me
on. So build master and
Nido, bill masters, your product,
and Anita is your company.
This was a, a consultancy
originally, is that right? Yeah.
Yeah. So, so back in
Oh three, you know, like
a lot of software developers
just decided that it was
time to kind of go
out on my own and
you know, a couple, a
couple other guys we got
let's, let's build some great
software. So we did that,
you know, we worked with
industries of all sizes, worked
on small, big projects, you
know, here, you know, mostly
some local, some international or
some national, but you know,
the idea was we just
kind of built custom software
it's consulting and that sort
of thing, you know, at
some point we, we kind
of got into, and I
think dotnet to, when that
really started hitting, we got
into sort of some training,
some coaching best practices, that
sort of thing. And, and
one of the big things
that we noticed was just
a big challenge at all.
The places that we work
with was, you know, this
notion of building and deploying,
you know, automation, making things
are where they're supposed to
be, all those sorts of
things. So, you know, being
a bunch of custom software
guys, we would go from
company to company and build
them their very own solution,
you know, cobbling together, you
know, various bits and, and
this, that, and, you know,
at some point we, we
said, you know, we've, we've
done this now three or
four times completely from the
ground up custom, all that
stuff. Why don't we turn
this into a product? And
so we had like a
good break, maybe three solid
months between, you know, between
big projects and said, right.
And three months we will
have a product turns out
that that was a terribly
bad estimation. And it was
a lot harder to go
from what we thought was
a good idea for a
product to, you know, where
we're at today and where
we should have been, you
know, at least a year
or two ago. And why
is that? Is that, is
that just a story of
bad estimating or what caused
such an such a discrepancy?
Well, you know, there was,
I'd say it was a
series of missteps along the
way. You know what I
mean? It took a lot
of time before we were
able to, you know, figure
out how to do the
right thing. I mean, the
first, the first challenge was
that, you know, our background
was that of custom software.
So it's relatively easy when
you develop custom software, right.
You talk to the customer
and then you ask what
he or she wants. And
then you build that for
them. When you're building a
product, you kind of have
to, you know, be the
customer yourself or try to
think what the customer want.
So it was a lot
of the micro decisions like,
wow, should they do what
they want to customize this?
Should this be built into
the software? You know, how
do we do this? How
do we do that? So
it was, it was those
little details that went from
custom software, custom built to
a product, you know, just
like you'd expect any other,
you know, organization to have,
or, or make. And I'd
say our estimate of three
months where, you know, should
have been a lot closer,
especially for the scope that
we were going for would
have been a lot closer
to 12 or 18 months
of just, you know, straight
development time. How, how should
a startup or a small
company stay, stay focused? Like
you're, I'm hearing you say
that you kind of got
caught up in the little
details. And I, I hear
from a lot of other
startups that I read about
like Dropbox and things like
that, that the trick for
a successful startup is to
do the least possible thing.
Like do it really, really
well do one thing or
two things, and really, really
well. And every time someone
fails, it's always because they
tried to bite off more
than they could chew. Yeah.
And I would say that
we were definitely on the,
on the verge of failure
on, on several cases. I
mean, if it weren't for,
you know, being able to
bootstrap with, you know, having,
having, having a consultancy as
well, we would have failed
hundreds of thousands of dollars
ago, but you know what
I mean? And that's, and
that's absolutely the, you know,
great advice. I look back
at some of the features
that, and this was, you
know, this was, I would
say probably eight months, nine
months into development. And we
had a team of, I'd
say four or five of
us working full time, eight
and nine months of development.
Or I remember thinking, okay,
are we were start telling
people about it now because
we need, we need to
finish the module that manages
people's configuration files. So then
we did that a month
later. Ah, okay, we're not
ready to Cisse yet. We
got to put something in
there to help them manage
database changes, you know, so
it was just feature after
feature. And, you know, we
had a really big disjoint
of, you know, just kind
of developing this with, with
new potential customer. You know,
we just didn't have a
idea of what the market
actually wanted. So, you know,
we went, you know, I
would say the complete opposite
of lean startup and did
a waterfall startup, which was
just come out the gate
with a giant development product.
And, you know, which may
or may not have been
with the market wanted You
think that lean and agile
is the only way to
do it when it comes
to startups. I mean, come
out of the Gates quickly
with something so that you're
not burning cash. Yeah. I
mean, I look back at
what we should have done
in the development phases. And
I think that, you know,
the right strategy would have
been to, to go with
that. You know, a lot
of people talk about the
minimally viable product and, you
know, some people are comfortable
doing that. Others, you know,
one, a little bit more
than minimum, but definitely don't
do maximum. You know, don't
try to, don't try to
put everything in there because
as soon as you start
getting users and you know,
you're going to get feedback
and that's going to tell
you the direction that you
need to go, what we,
you know, our, our big
mistake was really just not
thinking, you know, thinking that
we could just build it,
you know, create the product
and then users would, would
start using it right away
now. So that was a,
that was a pretty big
gap that we had to
do it all over. I
would have said, you know,
after six months of development,
maybe, you know, whatever, we
would come out with a
beta, tell the world about
it, maybe run some ads,
get some, get some folks
using it for free. Then
start building more features, you
know, getting users early on
would have made a huge,
huge difference for us. So
how did you, how did
you dig out of this?
I mean, you, you, you're
saying that it's, that it's
a mistake. I don't know.
Failure is the right word,
but you, you, you did
this thing and how did
you decide or know this
was a mistake. I mean,
why you're going three months,
four months, nine months, 10
months, someone's gotta be speaking
up and saying, gosh, guys,
is this really the right
strategy? Yeah. And, and you
know, it internally, we'd all
go around and say, you
know, and, and again, this
is just a bunch of
costs, custom software guys, me,
of course, one of them
just not knowing what we're
doing, right. Not of course
not doing research or this
because, you know, we didn't
even really think of ourselves
as a startup. You know,
we're a company building a
product, you know, but you
know, what, what we did
was, okay, we've got a
product, we're fine. Take it
to market. Well, how do
you take the product to
market? You hire somebody who's
really good at taking software
products to market. So that
was our solution to the
problem was, you know, we
built this, we built a
product that had, you know,
quite frankly for a one
point, LSU will way too
many features. And then we
just hired someone and hope
that that would kind of
solve the problem. Okay. So
you, you go out and
you hire someone and this
seems to be a win
in the startup process. Do
you know, it's time to
get a sales guy or
a marketing guy, like you,
you're almost done with the
product and then you go
out and you find the
guy who's got the contacts
and he knows how to
cold call and come up
with a strategy. Like what,
at what point do you
hire this guy? Well, you
know, I would suggest that
at the point that we
were doing at the time
was, was really never was
when was when we should
have done it. Because, you
know, at the end of
the day, who, who really
needed to be responsible for
getting the word out for
marketing the product for, for
getting folks to at least
in the early phases to
start using it was us
development, the development team, the
folks building the product, you
know, we needed to be
out there at conferences. We
need to be, you know,
on the, you know, writing
blogs, just really engaging the
community to get feedback. Once
we started having more revenue.
And basically once we started
having good problems to have
where, you know, we're spending
a lot of our time,
we're making a little money,
but we're spending a lot
of our time doing marketing.
That's the right time to,
to bring on a marketing
expert and, you know, a
full time marketing resources once
it's really creeping into your
own time. And maybe if
you want to scale, but
we brought on, we brought
them some really good help
way too early in the
process. So does that mean
that they were selling a
product that wasn't ready to
be sold? Well, the product,
the product was definitely, you
know, well, no, there's really
two things. Right? So, so
the software itself was, was
absolutely ready. You know, I,
I was fortunate to, to
know a few folks and
to reach out to the
first beta a user. So
we had two or three
companies that use it. So
we know from a, you
know, from a strictly software
and features standpoint, the software
was great. You know, it
did everything that was supposed
to with it kind of
met all the requirements, but
it wasn't remotely ready to
be sold. One thing that
you don't think about, well,
I should say we didn't
really consider is, you know,
when you put up software
product out there, you need
things like documentation. You need
things like a website that
describes all of the features.
You need videos, sell sheets,
brochures, you know, so it
was all that marketing material
that we had zero of.
And I, you know, what
we did is we just
kind of overloaded the, you
know, the, the sales and
marketing guy that we brought
on. So it took, you
know, this, this became his
responsibility to put together all
of this materials, build us
a new website, describe the
product help with documentation. And,
you know, for one guy
to go from zero to
ready, that took us another,
geez, I'd say solid nine
months, nine to 12 months,
maybe even more to even
be in a position where
we're ready to ourselves out
there from a marketing standpoint,
you know, with documentation, all
those things. So, you know,
that's so, so our take
on it was okay, well,
we built it. Okay. Now
we've got to spend a
whole other year figuring out
how we're going to sell
it so we could have,
of course done those in
parallel and saved a whole
year of time. So who,
who is paying for the
rent and the lights at
this point? I mean, you're,
you're describing months going by,
and I'm just thinking of
all this money being burned.
Oh yeah. And, and definitely
it was so, so what
we did, and I could
say that this is a
good and a bad thing.
You know, we were able
to bootstrap by having about
half of our time being
spent to, you know, w
w we'd say the main,
you know, the main job,
which was doing custom development,
you know, kind of what
we used to do. So,
you know, this, this, I
would say was, was definitely
one of the right things
to do. And I would,
you know, get having to
do it all over. I
would absolutely go back and,
you know, make sure that
you have a source of
income when you're developing a
product. So we were able
to pay the bills, get
things done as a result
of having, you know, custom
software projects that we're continuing
to develop for clients. So
that that's what paid the
bills at the time. Okay.
And then what about the
strategy, like who decided, who
you were going to sell
to? You know, so, so
when we, when we started,
you know, we, we knew
exactly who would you, you
know, we knew who our
target customer was because, you
know, we had all been
there before. It was teams
of software developers, maybe, you
know, a dozen to, you
know, a hundred, right. Not
the Microsofts of the world
and, and not the, you
know, the solo shop, the
one man shops. So we,
we knew who our customer
was, and we just didn't
know exactly how to get
him. So, you know, the,
the marketing, the marketing guy
who we brought on and
the marketing and sales, you
know, his, you know, he
doubles the great strategy to
say, well, you know, the
software that you guys are
have built is enterprise level
software, right. It's software that,
you know, helps the entire
it department, so on and
so forth. And it's something
that, you know, therefore needs
to be sold, you know,
from the top down, meaning,
you know, talk to the
CTO, then talk to the
director of applications and talk
to this for a particular
application. And that point you'll
be able to get in
and make your sale in,
in his many, many years
of experience, working on all
sorts of different software, this
is how software was sold.
It didn't, I don't know.
I mean, you know, from
our standpoint, none of us
were, you know, executives before
none of us were, you
know, CTOs and, and it,
but the idea didn't seem
right. You know, cause we
didn't buy software like that,
but you know, it, it
was something that we bought
into largely because that meant
we didn't have to worry
about marketing. We could just
rely on him to do
it and we can get
back to what we really
want to do, which was
just write more software. So,
so our initial plan was
to, you know, really go
from a sort of enterprise
top down approach. And you
know, the problem in, in,
you know, much, you know,
many, many, many months later
is that, you know, today
software just isn't sold like
that. You know, the, the
people who influence software, even,
you know, a big software
purchases are the developers themselves.
And they're a big decision
maker. So that's, you know,
who we, who, you know,
we need to go for
and, and engage if you
will. This episode of Hansel
minutes is brought to you
by careers. 2.0 careers, 2.0
is a new service by
our friends at stack overflow.
You're probably all familiar with
stack overflow, the online Q
and a resource dedicated specifically
to programmers and programming related
topics. Well, the team at
stack overflow created careers 2.0
to provide you with access
to great jobs and introduce
you to a bunch of
great companies that you might
consider working for, even if
you're not currently looking for
a job, think of careers.
2.0 is a programmer profile,
gives you a platform to
show that you're awesome by
featuring your proudest contributions to
stack overflow, GitHub SourceForge Bitbucket,
anything programming related, you can
even add your favorite programming
books from amazon.com profiles on
careers. 2.0 are free. They're
easy to get started, especially
by importing your LinkedIn profile.
However, there's one catch profiles
and career 2.0 invite only.
They did this to keep
out the spam and have
a high quality environment. Fortunately,
for you as a Hansel
minutes listener, I've got your
back head on over to
careers dot stack overflow.com/h M
to accept your invitation today,
once again, that's careers dot
stack, overflow.com/hm. I hope you
like it was this, the
old way to sell software.
Like you said, it didn't
feel right intuitively, but you
said, well, he's, you know,
he's my word would be
an adult. Right. You know,
he, we were just developers
and he was he's he's
the fancy, you know, C
level executor. He was, you
know, he was important at
some point in a company
I've had experiences like that
too, where I'll come in
contact with someone who I
consider to be like, you
know, a suit. And I
just assume that they're a
suit and they must know
more cause they have a
suit. Is it the old
way to write software and
sell software is top down?
Or is it just because
of the category that you're
in, that this wasn't the
right way. Yeah. I mean,
and, and I think I,
you know, the, the analogy
of right, you know, he
was the adult, he was,
this was absolutely app. I
mean, he was at least
20 years older than all
of us, you know, I
I'd say definitely, you know,
software, you know, let's, let's
go back 20 years, right.
To even even 10 years
software, even in our industry
used to be sold. And
in this manner, what I
think really ended up changing
a lot of it was
the, you know, the fact
that, you know, broadband in
the workplace, you know, certainly
help giving, you know, empowering
developers to make more decisions,
install stuff. You know, nowadays,
if you want to review
a tool as a developer,
you just, you know, somebody
tells you about it. You,
you know, you hear about
it through word of mouth,
you download it, install it
on your workstation. If you
like it, you tell your
boss back then you really
didn't have, you know, we'll
say this is, you know
what, let's flip back to
the eighties, right there, there
really was no ability to
log on to a software
vendors, website and download and
install. It just, you know,
if it existed back then,
it was really, really rare.
So software was sold by
magazines. It was, you know,
enterprise sales guys and their
suits would come and talk
to the CTO and the
CTO without ever showing it
to the developers would just
buy the next IDE or
decide, okay, everyone's going to
go on this platform. We're
going to use this for
source control. You know, even
in bigger shops, developers are
the ones who are now
kind of pushing the direction
of things. So it sounds
like that this is just
selling software has evolved. And
the top down for developer
tools is not the way.
Yeah. I mean, I think
it's, I think it's a
pendulum that's swung in the
favor of developers. I, you
know, there's, there's some negative
consequences to, you know, empowering
developers like this. You know,
one of, one of the
consequences is that, you know,
you pay a developer, you
know, if you're, you know,
the average software shop to
write software that developed, you
know, delivers business value. When,
you know, your desk guys
spends, you know, weeks of
time trying out new software
that really doesn't add to
value. And, you know, just
with something he happened to
her to hear about it,
you know, that's, it could
have some, some, you know,
longer term impacts of the
organization and, you know, companies,
especially with, you know, let's
take a brand new technology
or a new development framework,
something like that, jumping on
to a new tool every
year means that you're now
going to have after 15
years, 15 different types of
development, styles, tools, or practices.
So, you know, I think
one of these years, maybe
a decade from now it'll
swing back and, you know,
developers won't be the ones,
especially at the larger companies
kind of pushing this change,
but, you know, world we're
in now, developers are definitely
the ones who you need
to engage with your software
and get them to start
using. Right. So how, how
long did you go in
that direction, that strategic direction
until you realized that it
was a bad idea? I
say about, you know, ah,
maybe about six months and
it was about six months
and, you know, w w
really opened our eyes, was
that, you know, against, you
know, the, the, you know,
adults, if you will, the
suits, you know, the, you
know, our, our marketing executive
against his, his advice, we
said, you know, we would
like to have a presence
at a, you know, at
a developer conference, you know,
there's one code Nash, which
has, you know, pretty close
to us here in Cleveland.
You know, we said, okay,
we'd like to, so we
did that. We didn't have
a very good presence at
all, but what it showed
was that people were really,
you know, we got there,
we don't want to demo
the software. And, you know,
the level of, you know,
the results, if you will,
the people who were very
interested, the people said, wow,
this is, this is really
cool. How do we get
this, the sheer numbers from
that single event, which was,
you know, what two or
three days or so was,
I would say, a magnitude
greater in activity than what
then we were able to
get to the traditional methods,
if you will, over the
course of six months plus.
So, you know, that it
was, that's what really opened
up our eyes to say,
you know what, maybe, maybe
we're going in the wrong
direction from a marketing standpoint,
maybe we need to kind
of take control of this.
So in all of this,
during this entire process, the,
the, the, the inception of
this startup and the, the
goods and the bads, when
did this blog of yours
start, and how did that
relate into the larger scope
of things? So, you know,
the daily WTF has, has
been around for almost as
long as, as you know,
ITTO has, but, you know,
it's, it's always been sort
of my nights and weekends
hobby project, right. It's, it's
a lot of fun to
do. And, you know, I
enjoy a lot, but, but
it never was really integrated
into the business. You know,
some, some bloggers will constantly
blog about, you know, their
day job. It just never
fit in too much with,
with WTF every now and
then, you know, I'll mention,
you know, Oh, by the
way, here's, here's what I
do all day long, but,
you know, so, so I'd
say WTF had, was assignable,
painless process. You know, it
kind of got a life
of its own, you know,
really took off in a
short while and, you know,
kind of went on its
own path if you will
pretty separate from, you know,
where Anita ones. Okay. So
it wasn't bringing in revenue
to the company. It wasn't
associated with the company in
any fundamental way, Not at
all. And still to this
day, there's, you know, about
the only relation is, you
know, if I, for whatever
reason, couldn't spend half of
my evening working on the
daily, you know, WTF for
the next day or whatever,
you know, maybe I'll just
take a morning and spend
some time there, but, you
know, that's, that's about it.
You know, there's not, there's,
there's very little relationship between,
you know, the blog and,
you know, and, and Anita,
you know, I think in
retrospect that that was something
that had, I, you know,
again, playing back with probably
would have been a much
better strategic direction, going back
to when we started developing
the project after six months,
once we had something you
could, you know, people could
actually download and try and
everything, you know, we, we
should have mentioned that at
six months, I could have
done a post and said,
Hey, everyone, this is what
it is, check it out.
We think it's pretty cool.
You know, and I don't
think the readers would have
minded, you know, I don't
think it would have been
something that would have gotten
the way of the other
content. And, you know, it's
kind of interesting to see
what, what, what folks do
during their day. And we
certainly think we have a
pretty exciting product, so you're
not, why not go out
there and share it. I'm
actually a little surprised that,
that you're, you're doing a
startup in the daytime and
you're working on an already
successful blog at night. And
it didn't seem immediately obvious
to use the one to
exploit the other. Yeah. It,
you know, it, and it
was always something, you know,
I don't know if it
was afraid of, of selling
out or, or, you know,
it, for whatever reason, it
just never clicked. You know,
it's like the most obvious
thing in the world. But
when we were in the,
you know, year and a
half of developing with no
customers or the, you know,
year and a half of,
of marketing in the completely
wrong direction, you know, it
never really occurred to us
that we have a huge,
you know, that, that it
Nieto has access to a
huge development audience. And, you
know, why don't we tap
into that audience? So strategically
another, another pretty big, a
mistake not to leverage were
exploited or, or whatever the,
you know, the folks in
the community that we knew
already. So what, what's the
direction now? I mean, do
you think that you're still
a startup or are you,
have you reached success and
when do you stop being
a startup and start being,
you know, a real life,
a real life company? Yeah.
I think that's a, that's
a really good question. And
I, and, and I don't
know, I don't know the
answer to that, but what
would I, what I do
know is that, you know,
since we kind of got
out of our three year
funk, if you will, and
started realizing that, you know,
shoot, we need to take
things in a new direction.
That's, that's when I really
consider that we were, you
know, starting fresh, starting new.
So, you know, we had
to do all the things
that, that a normal startup
would have to do. We
had, you know, a, I'd
say, you know, a product
that, that was really, really
far developed, but it didn't
have an installer, right. Because
if you just go to
someone's site and install it,
what do you need an
install it for? It's just
a.net application. So we had
to build an install. We
had to build a website.
We had to, you know,
a website where you can
request keys and do that.
We had to develop a
free version of the software,
you know, not only a
trial, then we wanted to
come out with a, what
a lot of folks are
doing the, you know, a
free version, right. We have
a free version that can,
you know, that has five
users, 10 apps, that sort
of thing. So all these
steps were things that, you
know, just about every other
startup would have to do
in our position. And, you
know, that's, that's really been
the direction that we've been
going in the past. You
know, I'd say about a
year now is, is where
we've is, where we're at.
So I, I consider ourselves
a startup because we're, we're
shift finally. Now, starting to,
to get the word out
there. I mean, before nobody
was talking about our product,
nobody knew about it. Now
we're starting to see people,
people are just searching for
it. People are coming to
the site, we're getting support
questions from people we've never
met before. So I, you
know, I'd say we are
in the, you know, we're
in the early phases of,
of kind of pushing this,
this big Boulder up the
Hill, you know, again, where
we should have been three
years ago, two years ago.
So I'd say, yeah, I'd
say, yes. I think we
still are a startup in
that, in that sense. Do
you, do you have a
sense of when you'll stop
being, like, when when's the,
you wake up on a
Tuesday and you go, all
right, we're going to start
up anymore because we know
where our revenue is going
to come to the next
year, or, you know, when,
when do you officially graduate?
I think that, you know,
what, what you said, I
know, you know, we know
where our revenues are going
to come from the next
year is a, is a
good Mark. You know, at,
at that point, once you're,
once you're a, you know,
fully sustainable from your software,
have a ability to grow.
That's a, or I'd say
a good, you know, not
only know where your revenues
are, but know how you're
going to grow the organization.
I'd say at that point
is, is when you start
becoming a startup, maybe when
you have to start hiring
support staff, you know, to
me, that's a, that's another,
when, when you're no longer
just a team of developers,
you know, muddling through, when
we need to start hiring,
you know, a sales staff,
a, you know, marketing staff,
people like that. I think
that's when, you know, that's
a slow transition. I don't
think you just wake up
one day and Hey, we're
no longer a startup. You
know, I think that's what,
or, you know, the other
way is maybe when our
spark subscription runs out, that's
when we officially are no
longer a startup. So yeah,
When you have to start
paying Microsoft, when you have
to start paying Microsoft licensing,
you're officially not a startup.
Right. Right. Right. So, so
maybe that's what it is,
you know, too, but, but
I think it's a slow
transition, but, you know, even,
you know, even some of
the big, or, you know,
we'll say midsize software companies
out there, you know, I
think you absolutely need to
never lose your startup mindset.
And the startup mindset is
that, you know, you need
to take control of, of,
you know, what you're doing
and really understand all aspects
of it. It's not like
you can't, you know, build
an organization where you, you
know, as a founder, as
an executive, as a leader
in the company are just
a copying and you just
do your part and hope
somebody else does their part.
You really need to take
ownership and, you know, get
other people to, you know,
you need to understand what
they're doing and very possibly
do it yourself. Yeah. I
think that that's the best
advice, you know, stay, stay
lean, stay hungry is, is
the way to be successful.
And, you know, people always
talk about Microsoft or Apple
or Amazon. And when they
do something great, they say,
yeah, they're getting the startup
mentality back. You know, they're
starting to think about being
more lean and when they
do something wrong, they always
compare them to IBM or
some big giant monolith. Yeah.
And I think that's exactly
what it is. You know,
you know, the, the biggest
thing, I would say the
biggest difference that I think
any startup could make is,
you know, if, if they're
familiar with the principles of
agile software development, which I
would, I would say any
developer wanting to start a
company would, would be very
familiar with, with, you know,
the concepts of agile, you
know, those need to be
applied to all aspects of
your business, you know, you
know, try something small from
a marketing standpoint, see how
that works and then measure
the results and do something
different. You know, if you're
just doing the same thing
again and again, that means
that you're not trying to
do better, which you know,
is not, you know, not
the direction that you want
to go or, you know,
you could be, you could
be just doing the wrong
thing. And that's, that was
a big mistake that we
made for so many years
was just, we never validated
that how we had spent
the last three months was
the best way to spend
the last three months. We
should have looked at it,
not on, not on a
quarterly basis on a, you
know, maybe even a weekly
basis to say, you know,
did we do the right
thing last week? Are we
on the right direction? So
shorter increments for, for a
lot of things. Good advice,
good advice. Well, I appreciate
your sharing your success and
also your, your failures with
us today. It's been my
pleasure. And I think we're,
you know, still working on
that success thing, you know,
the biggest challenge and, you
know, the, the other folks
on the startup podcast, especially
on the startup series, especially
Kendall talk a lot about
the challenges of, of marketing,
getting the word out and,
you know, that's, that's really
where we're at right now.
You know, we're, we're fortunate
to be, you know, I'd
say literally years ahead in,
in development, but you know,
at the same time, we're
years behind in marketing, they
really should align, you know,
and that's, that's, that's a
pretty important thing to do.
All right. Thank you so
much, Alex  and people
can check out  dot
com and also the daily
WTF. I will put links
to all of that on
the show notes. And this
has been another episode of
Hansel minutes. We'll see you
again next week.